Once I was out and about at midday.
Completely normal in every way,
But across the road, there was a niggle.
A tendril. An arm? A small black wriggle.
I can't describe it, except that I blinked,
And then it had vanished. It just went extinct.
So I sat there and thought, and thought, and thought.
Hoping to find the mystery I sought.
It never came back. At least not for me.
While in bed, I wondered what it could be.
Eventually, I was overtaken.
I had a dream, if I'm not mistaken.

From across the room, I saw a creature.
I could not quite tell every feature.
Maybe a man hunched against the far wall?
An old lady who was normally small?
I was soon taken by unnatural fear.
No matter what, they weren't meant to be here.
Then it vanished, becoming a smugde.
I screamed, giving my lamp a quick nudge.
In the light it was gone, just like before.
That night I was done. I wanted no more.

What were these things that were haunting me so?
I could not tell. I decided to go.
I didn't know where. I didn't know why.
I was soon out in the open night sky.
I took my knife. My gun. My trusty coat.
But honestly, there was nothing to note.
No more shadows, smudges. Nothing to see.
Nothing to figure out what these could be.

Then next to the moon, a saw a bright light.
It looked like a blue star caught in mid flight.
I watched it for a bit. It grew and grew.
It's light unveiled this horrid black goo.
Ghastly creatures wandering all around.
I guess I had luck. I had not been found.


I then fell back in fear with a shout.


The being then unfurled 


Maybe a nightmare. I felt quite dismayed.
My mind conjured 
at whatever my 

The pondering made my eyes grow heavy.

A tenticle? No. Not in broad daylight.
A
Maybe a plant? A cloth? A  A kite?


Hoping that again it could be caught.
I was wrong. I didn't see it again.




No way I'd return to being a man.
